‎AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
‎You took a hit, ‎so it's only right you return the favor.
‎Thank you for giving me a chance ‎to redeem myself.
‎PERSONAL RECORD ‎NAME: PARK JIN-CHEOL
‎PERSONAL RECORD ‎NAME: SUNG HAN-SOO
‎I'm listening.
‎A FEW HOURS AGO
‎Why don't we stir things up even more?
‎INTER-KOREAN GOVERNMENT TALKS
‎This is just ridiculous.
‎ASSEMBLYMAN SIM JONG-SEON, PRIME MINISTER
‎What?
‎Please explain.
‎Why do you ‎suddenly want to cancel the talks?
‎It's entirely because the South ‎isn't prepared to engage in the talks.
‎What do you mean?
‎You run your mouth ‎about peaceful talks and cooperation,
‎but you're stabbing our regime ‎in the back.
‎What did you say?
‎You think we don't know?
‎I'm talking about ‎Director General Ri Eung Ryeong.
‎As if it wasn't bad enough ‎that the South intercepted him,
‎the Republic's most wanted fugitive ‎has been assigned to protect him.
‎I'll cut to the chase.
‎If you don't hand over ‎those two traitors immediately,
‎not only will we cancel the talks,
‎but the relationship between our countries ‎will change drastically.
‎Contact General Jang right now.
‎Yes, sir.
‎EPISODE 9
‎ONCE A MARINE, ALWAYS A MARINE ‎KOREAN MARINE VETERANS FEDERATION
‎You failed
‎your mission.
‎It was so satisfying to see ‎the prime minister of South Korea
‎tuck his tail between his legs.
‎Things worked out easily, thanks to you.
‎Now it's your turn to do me a favor.
‎I always keep my promises.
‎But there's a catch.
‎You must be alone, Comrade Ju.
‎Given that the matter ‎has been officially settled,
‎killing 66 on South Korean soil
‎will put us in an uncomfortable position.
‎There's no need to worry about that.
‎What do you mean, sir?
‎Until we secure ‎the ballistic missile information,
‎Ri Eung Ryeong must not be eliminated.
‎The mission has already failed.
‎Are you disobeying
‎the prime minister's orders?
‎We're turning 66 and Ri Eung Ryeong
‎over to the North.
‎But if 66 continues to act on his own,
‎it has nothing to do with us, does it?
‎All we have to do is sit back and watch.
‎He'll do anything
‎to see his daughter again.
‎AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
‎Hey, about that Ass Cricket.
‎He handcuffed Kim, right?
‎Yeah.
‎Knowing full well that won't stop him?
‎I guess we don't have to help him, then.
‎But wouldn't it be hard for him to return?
‎He's dealing with serious people, ‎not local thugs.
‎Are you going?
‎What about you?
‎The punk left his phone behind.
‎And he took mine instead.
‎What? He took yours?
‎Yeah, he took mine.
‎What was he thinking?
‎I should go and get mine back.
‎Of course, you should. ‎Your phone is more expensive.
‎I'm not done paying it off either.
‎Then what are you waiting for?
‎Why, that jerk
‎Hold on!
‎Before we go,
‎let's have one of these.
‎What's this?
‎It's good for your joints.
‎And you didn't think ‎to share this with me before?
‎Why would I?
‎Let's go.
‎Where's the car?
‎Hey, what's this car?
‎This?
‎A next-generation car.
‎A next-generation car, huh?
‎Let's see how it drives.
‎Damn it, it's the hero ‎who should be driving!
‎We sent 66 ahead to be taken care of.
‎It's nice to handle this ‎without getting our hands dirty.
‎Report to the South and the Party
‎that both Ri Eung Ryeong and 66 ‎were subjected to summary execution.
‎Yes, sir.
‎Goodbye, you traitorous bastard.
‎Son of a bitch.
‎I had no idea you were such a big deal.
‎I'm sorry ‎I didn't treat you better last time.
‎You promised to turn yourself in.
‎Our parent meeting isn't over yet.
‎So you're the rat bastard ‎who teamed up with the North.
‎You're the rat bastard.
‎The rat bastard who betrayed his country.
‎We have a lot in common.
‎We're both good dads who would do anything
‎for our children.
‎Don't you agree?
‎You said you'd end me ‎for the sake of your daughter.
‎I'll do the same for my daughter ‎and end you.
‎But not here.
‎Put him in the trunk.
‎Comrade.
‎You have a really nice car.
‎Go to sleep.
‎I didn't really come here to help you.
‎Jeez.
‎I came to bring you your phone,
‎but the gunshots were so loud,
‎so I ended up stepping in.
‎Thanks.
‎So now what? ‎Ri Eung Ryeong is probably dead by now.
‎I don't think so.
‎They tried to take him alive.
‎Really?
‎This guy is really something else,
‎teaming up with the North.
‎I thought he was just an asshole,
‎but he's a snake too.
‎Where did they take Ri Eung Ryeong?
‎Go ahead and shoot me
‎if you want to leave our kids fatherless.
‎Shoot him.
‎You actually fired.
‎Let's make a deal.
‎I know why ‎you're looking for Ri Eung Ryeong.
‎If you let me live,
‎I'll help you find him.
‎Let's go.
‎You'd better not be lying.
‎Sleep well and sweet dreams.
‎Han-soo.
‎Thanks.
‎We want to see Min-ji walk down the aisle.
‎Let's go.
‎HOTEL
‎It's the North Koreans' car!
‎SECURITY CHECK
‎Let them in!
‎Maintain tight security.
‎You've got to be kidding me.
‎We're not their damn subordinates.
‎Just let it go.
‎I think our government is indulging them.
‎It makes no sense ‎to ban us from the inside
‎and only use us for perimeter security.
‎Did you forget
‎they're the most closed-off country ‎in the world?
‎That place right there
‎is basically North Korea.
‎DIPLOMATIC POUCH ‎DPRK, MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
‎WE WELCOME THE NORTH KOREAN DELEGATION ‎TO JUHAK HERITAGE RESORT
‎Jongilbong 25 has arrived ‎at the reception hall.
‎Jongilbong 25 is on Elevator 3.
‎Jongilbong 25 has arrived ‎on the 5th floor.
‎Jongilbong 25 ‎is approaching the VIP suite.
‎Jongilbong 25 ‎has arrived at the VIP suite.
‎Status report, sir.
‎No, I'll report directly.
‎Goodness, Comrade Director General.
‎You look terrible.
‎Things must've been tough away from home.
‎Cut to the chase and get it over with.
‎What's the rush?
‎We still have plenty of time.
‎The first thing you should do is tell me ‎how much information about the missiles
‎you've spilled ‎to the South Korean puppet regime.
‎Fill the bathtub.
‎What happened?
‎A North Korean vehicle ‎arrived at the resort just now,
‎and we spotted them ‎moving a large bag inside.
‎It's Ri Eung Ryeong.
‎Military police secure the perimeter,
‎while NIS agents ‎stand guard on the inside.
‎The NIS agents have access to areas ‎where domestic staff work,
‎like the kitchen or laundry room.
‎But they're under constant surveillance ‎by North Korean agents.
‎This won't be easy.
‎-Hey, mister. ‎-Want to see?
‎Which floors is the North staying on?
‎The fourth and fifth floors.
‎So the North Korean delegation head ‎is on the fifth floor,
‎and they probably set up ‎a surveillance room on the fourth.
‎That's how they do things.
‎How are we going to get in?
‎Hey.
‎Is there an easy way to get in?
‎Come on, you really think he'll talk?
‎The condition is very simple.
‎If we extract Ri Eung Ryeong,
‎you live.
‎If we fail, you die.
‎There's a passage that goes straight ‎to the chairman's office.
‎It was built for emergencies, ‎so there's no CCTV either.
‎Really?
‎Hold on, it can't be that easy.
‎Let me take a look at you.
‎How do we get through the barricades?
‎I have clearance
‎CARD ID: JU GANG-CHAN
‎since I'm in charge of protocol.
‎Easier than I expected.
‎We'll locate Ri Eung Ryeong ‎through the CCTVs
‎once we get to the chairman's room.
‎There's a problem though.
‎They've disabled all the existing CCTVs
‎and are running their own ‎from the surveillance room.
‎We basically need to secure ‎the surveillance room.
‎Once we seize the surveillance room ‎and locate Ri Eung Ryeong,
‎I'll go in and secure him.
‎Then while you escape,
‎we'll keep them distracted.
‎-Me too. ‎-Hold on.
‎Getting that man
‎and leaving through the front entrance
‎won't be easy.
‎We'll smuggle him in a laundry truck
‎through the first-floor loading dock.
‎A laundry truck?
‎Laundry is my specialty, ‎so I'll handle that.
‎The laundry truck arrives at 7:20 p.m.
‎It leaves at 7:30 p.m. after pickup.
‎You'll only have ten minutes. ‎It won't be easy.
‎We have ten minutes
‎to locate, secure, ‎and get him to the loading dock.
‎That's easier said than done.
‎They check in every three minutes.
‎This won't be easy.
‎We already know it won't be easy.
‎Stop saying that.
‎Why are you so negative? You scared?
‎Look, you've only been on ‎the Taekwondo demo team,
‎-so you probably don't know much. ‎-Stop bringing that up.
‎-It's not that easy-- ‎-Anyway.
‎We'll be ready, just in case.
‎We'll leave the same way we came in.
‎We need to get through ‎the barricades first.
‎Let's get geared up.
‎You need to conceal your wounds.
‎We're missing something.
‎A tranquilizer gun.
‎Just use them all up!
‎Enough
‎Sorry about that.
‎Peace.
‎I'll keep you posted ‎on the situation outside.
‎Be careful, everyone.
‎You shot me four times.
‎You can manage, right?
‎I told you I didn't want to play ‎rock-paper-scissors.
‎You did.
‎You guys planned this!
‎-How fun. ‎-You planned this!
‎You both played scissors at the same time!
‎AUTHORIZED VEHICLE ‎JU GANG-CHAN
‎Ju Gang-chan. ‎He's the chairman of this resort.
‎What's the purpose of your visit?
‎He's here for protocol arrangements.
‎Have you heard about this?
‎No, sir.
‎Please lower the rear window.
‎I'm here on the orders ‎of the vice minister of National Security.
‎You can check.
‎Just a moment, please.
‎Chairman Ju says he's here ‎for protocol arrangements.
‎Please verify this with the vice minister.
‎Okay, thank you.
‎Here you go, sir.
‎Let them in.
‎Move the barricades.
‎Oh gosh, my knees.
‎Man, my knees.
‎Hey.
‎Are you trying to let people know ‎that we came through here?
‎RESTRICTED AREA ‎NO ENTRY
‎ACCESS RESTRICTED
‎GRANTED
‎JUHAK HERITAGE RESORT
‎ACCESS RESTRICTED
‎GRANTED
‎Wow, fingerprint recognition, huh?
‎Did you install this just for yourself?
‎-Why? ‎-Why do you think?
‎People with dirty secrets always make sure ‎they have an escape route.
‎-Typical. ‎-Typical.
‎-Jeez. ‎-Jeez.
‎Jeez.
‎Go.
‎Man, this door is straight out of a drama.
‎Why would he make this?
‎Because he has dirty secrets.
‎Man, look at this place.
‎It's nice.
‎You want to switch offices with me?
‎Get the resort blueprints.
‎Three minutes ‎to secure the surveillance room.
‎No, two minutes.
‎This is where I can infiltrate.
‎How long?
‎I think two minutes is enough
‎to get to the loading dock.
‎Will you be all right, Sang-a?
‎I'll figure it out.
‎We'll distract them ‎from the opposite side.
‎If all this goes as planned,
‎we'll meet back here ‎in the chairman's office.
‎How about you put the gun away?
‎You shouldn't treat a civilian like this.
‎Besides, no one will hear me, ‎no matter how loud I yell.
‎Oh, yeah?
‎-Let's get started, Jin-cheol. ‎-You're no fun.
‎Testing.
‎All right.
‎It's me.
‎I want to order room service.
‎Ready, sir.
‎What can you prepare right now?
‎Yes?
‎Come in.
‎What size do you wear?
‎I wear a 3XL.
‎That's a bit small.
‎I feel awkward in this chef's jacket.
‎I'll move the second you locate ‎Ri Eung Ryeong.
‎Watch your back.
‎-You too. ‎-How do I look?
‎You managed to squeeze into it.
‎That's right. Now it's your turn.
‎-Come on, I'm not a contortionist. ‎-We don't have time.
‎Why do I always have to ‎squeeze into things?
‎-Mr. Park Jin-cheol won't fit in there. ‎-What am I, origami paper?
‎I keep getting folded up and shoved in.
‎-I'll join the circus at this rate. ‎-Let's go.
‎Be quiet.
‎I didn't know South Korean comrades ‎were so pretty.
‎My, she's beautiful.
‎Hello there.
‎I'm here to pick up the laundry.
‎INTER-KOREAN TALKS ‎AUTHORIZED VEHICLE
‎CARD ID: JEONG JAE-WOOK
‎Have a good one.
‎Let him in!
‎Thank you.
‎LAUNDRY HUB
‎Who is it?
‎Room service, sir.
‎Is it already time to eat?
‎They're a little early.
‎I'm hungry. Let's just eat.
‎I think we work well together.
‎My knees aren't working well though.
‎Surveillance room secured.
‎Oh, hello!
‎No, let's look at the file ‎before that one.
‎It's not here, see?
‎-Why won't you listen to me? ‎-Be quiet, will you?
‎You're making it hard to find anything.
‎This is so frustrating.
‎Let's take a look at this one.
‎Right there!
‎I think this is the bag.
‎-What is it? ‎-Let's follow it.
‎Where is it?
‎-Where is this place? ‎-The fifth-floor suite.
‎Stop.
‎I told you
‎that I didn't reveal any information.
‎I haven't even met ‎with the South Korean authorities!
‎So you don't count 66 ‎as a South Korean official?
‎Continue.
‎Comrade, sir!
‎What is it?
‎The agents sent to eliminate 66 ‎have gone missing.
‎What? 66
‎I'm sure he'll come here.
‎Those South Korean bastards are outside,
‎-so no shooting unless necessary. ‎-Yes, sir.
‎-Follow me. ‎-Yes, sir.
‎Should we continue, sir?
‎Bring him out.
‎Hey, Kim.
‎How much longer?
‎You think he's in a position ‎to talk right now?
‎Maybe this hero ‎should've led the infiltration instead.
‎We're running out of time.
‎Sit down.
‎Damn it, these guys will catch on soon.
‎Comrades, leave the room.
‎Sir?
‎I said leave the room.
‎Yes, sir.
‎The two agents who just left ‎are standing by the door.
‎Got it.
‎What do you want from me?
‎I believe you, Comrade Ri Eung Ryeong.
‎To be honest, I don't care what happens ‎to the missile information.
‎I'm going to give you a chance to live.
‎About the funds you funneled to Macau ‎for operations against the South.
‎You converted ‎eight million dollars into chips
‎and stored them in a private safe ‎at the Fanta Casino.
‎Just hand over the safe's access card.
‎Then I'll arrange for you
‎to be smuggled into a third country.
‎Just as I expected.
‎This is why you kept me alive.
‎Where's the access card?
‎If I hand that over right now,
‎then how can I make a deal with you?
‎I knew something like this might happen,
‎so I hid it in China
‎before coming to the South.
‎Don't bullshit me.
‎This isn't a deal.
‎I have the authority ‎to execute you on the spot.
‎This is your last chance.
‎Tell me.
‎Where's the access card?
‎I knew it.
‎I'd expect no less from you, 66.
‎You're truly the regime's finest warrior.
‎-No, you're-- ‎-Be quiet
‎if you want to live.
‎Ri Eung Ryeong secured.
‎They won't be able to open fire easily.
‎Okay.
‎That makes things simple.
‎We're out of time. Let's do this.
‎Let's go, master chef.
‎Don't forget to send status updates.
‎There's so much laundry today.
‎Goodness me.
‎All right.
‎Laundry truck standing by ‎at the loading dock.
‎Hurry up.
‎Hey, neighbors from up north!
‎Your security has been breached!
‎How can it be so weak?
‎You guys are screwed now
‎because I'm here.
‎Hey, Jin-cheol.
‎Rock and roll!
‎We each get 15 guys.
‎Keep count, okay?
‎-Hey, demo team! ‎-I said don't bring that up!
‎Mr. Kim.
‎I haven't secured ‎a clear route for you yet.
‎The agents aren't moving.
‎Surveillance room, anything unusual?
‎Surveillance room, do you copy?
‎What the hell?
‎Follow me.
‎Mr. Kim, they've caught on.
‎They'll be there soon. Get out of there.
‎What about you?
‎We're out of time.
‎We move in one minute.
‎-Check that way. ‎-Yes, sir.
‎That son of a bitch.
‎He's already here.
‎What the hell happened?
‎Three of them came in and attacked us.
‎Three?
‎Secure our comms ‎and activate the jamming device right now.
‎Yes, sir!
‎What are you doing?
‎Get the surveillance cameras back up now!
‎Yes, sir!
‎ENTER ACTIVATION CODE
‎COMPLETE ‎ACTIVATION READY
‎Let's cut off their communication first.
‎Hey, Kim. How much longer until you--
‎NO SIGNAL
‎What's going on?
‎What's your plan now?
‎Hey, you guys know how to use jammers?
‎It means the attack starts now.
‎But they started attacking us a while ago.
‎We can end things here if we're lucky.
‎Did the entire North ‎come down here or what?
‎Come on, bring it!
‎No, just go home!
‎Emergency alert!
‎An unidentified attacker is on the move.
‎Move in immediately.
‎The unidentified attacker has entered
‎the emergency stairwell ‎on the fifth floor.
‎Take the stairs.
‎RESTORE IN PROGRESS
‎RESTORE COMPLETE
‎The cameras are back up, sir.
‎Get the EMP charge ready.
‎Sir?
‎You heard me!
‎-That was me. ‎-That was me.
‎-I took him down. ‎-I took him down.
‎Don't be ridiculous!
‎Did we take down about 20 of them?
‎Yeah, sounds about right.
‎Then let's just say ‎we each took down 10, okay?
‎Okay.
‎Time's almost up.
‎Let's get going.
‎Kim should be out of here by now.
‎Jeez, I'm exhausted.
‎Who are these latecomers?
‎Couldn't you have just come all at once?
‎We can take care of them ‎all at once this way.
‎You've got a really ‎positive attitude sometimes.
‎Jin-cheol, don't
‎Don't go in there alone, Jin-cheol.
‎-What more is there to say? ‎-Jin-cheol!
‎-Except with our fists. ‎-Why isn't this button working?
‎-Come on! ‎-Jin-cheol!
‎I guess I'll take the stairs.
‎Seriously, what's going on?
‎-Sir? ‎-Yes?
‎Are you not done yet?
‎Right, I'm almost done.
‎Is that all you've got?
‎Bring it on!
‎That doesn't hurt at all!
‎What's the range on this?
‎It'll cut power to the whole building.
‎WAY TO LOADING DOCK
‎All right, all right.
‎Hold on a second.
‎Let's talk this out.
‎Situation room. Come in, situation room.
‎Check Zone 1 and the situation room.
‎KITCHEN STORAGE
‎Get inside.
‎Have you looked around?
‎I've searched everywhere ‎in the reception hall but can't find them.
‎Where the hell ‎are those rat bastards hiding?
‎What should we do now?
‎Damn it, follow me.
‎Time's up. Why aren't they here yet?
‎-What about the electrician? ‎-They're on their way.
‎Sir?
‎Looks like you're done collecting.
‎Yes, I'm done.
‎Then you should go now. Thank you.
‎Right.
‎-I need to use the restroom. ‎-You can't.
‎We have a situation inside the resort.
‎Please make your way outside ‎for your safety.
‎But it'll only take a minute.
‎No, sir. Please go back now.
‎Okay.
‎Guess I'll have to wait until I get home.
‎Goodbye, then.
‎What the hell? Did the power go off?
‎-It's me. ‎-Move!
‎Lights!
‎Hey.
‎I said we should talk it out.
‎Lights!
‎It's me, Tae Geun.
‎I'm Jin Bok.
‎I'm Jin-cheol.
‎I'm Gwang Sun.
‎Get him!
‎You bastard!
‎That bastard.
‎Where did he go?
‎I said we should talk it out.
‎Rock and roll!
‎What are you doing?
‎Go after them right now and kill them.
‎I want you to kill ‎both 66 and Ri Eung Ryeong.
‎Right now!
‎KITCHEN STORAGE
‎What happened?
‎Run.
‎You guys pop out of nowhere ‎like cockroaches.
‎I didn't believe it at first,
‎but it really is you, ‎Comrade Sung Han-soo.
‎The sports heroes ‎from the North and the South meet again.
‎Right, I'm indeed a hero.
‎But I don't know who you are.
‎Have we met before?
‎We competed in different events,
‎but we've run into each other ‎at the Olympics.
‎Hey, that's scary.
‎I don't know who you are.
‎What was your event?
‎Rhythmic gymnastics?
‎You'll find out if you fight me.
‎Just save the fighting and tell me.
‎You don't have to tell me ‎if you don't want to.
‎Hey.
‎It's unfair to me ‎if you set it down there.
‎Your mouth still works fine.
‎The rest of my body works fine too.
‎Bring it.
‎For Min-ji's sake, I'm going to end you.
‎-Beg for my daughter's forgiveness. ‎-I'm sorry.
‎With all your heart.
‎Oh, short ribs.
‎I know now.
‎I figured it out ‎from your moves and your ears.
‎You wear tights, right?
‎I'm Jang Tae San, ‎the gold medalist in wrestling.
‎Jang Tae San.
‎You mean
‎the‎ Jang Tae San?
‎I didn't ask for your name ‎because I don't care.
‎This space is too small ‎for you to show off your footwork.
‎You want some?
‎Here you go.
‎You see, I run a Taekwondo studio.
‎But sometimes,
‎I teach judo.
‎Bring it.
‎What now?
‎For crying out loud.
‎I can't leave.
‎I really can't leave.
‎SPA
‎HINOKI BATH
‎No, no
‎Come out.
‎Damn it.
‎What are you, a blacksmith?!
‎Just die!
‎Man, I'm so sick of this.
‎I'm Jang Tae San.
‎Nobody asked.
‎Why did I even volunteer to help?
‎This is what they get ‎for refusing to talk it out.
‎Park Jin-cheol, you've still got it.
‎This is rock spirit!
‎Man, I'm wiped.
‎Don't move!
‎You all know who I am!
‎Don't move, or else we all die!
‎Damn it.
‎-I fought them four to one. ‎-He's not back yet.
‎What the hell?
‎He's a tenacious bastard.
‎You untied yourself?
‎How?
‎You tied him, didn't you?
‎You tied Oh, it was me.
‎-Hey. ‎-Hey, get over here.
‎Mister.
‎Why are you doing this to us?
‎Please let us go.
‎Untie us right now!
‎Mister,
‎please let us go.
‎Please!
‎You asshole!
‎If you so much as lay a finger on me
‎your kids are dead.
‎Jin-cheol, let go.
‎Let go!
‎If anything happens to Da-bin,
‎I'm going to chew you up.
‎Our kids
‎Where are they?
‎AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
‎Kim.
‎If you don't come,
‎the kids will die.
‎If 66 dies, the kids will live.
‎Do you really have a choice?
‎I'll give you five minutes.
‎Protecting the people I care about
‎I'll shoot the kids myself.
‎Then I'll shoot 66.
‎Please take care
‎of Min-ji.
‎Number 66
‎must die.
‎Subtitle translation by: